This directory contains SCAP data provided by The MITRE Corporation and the
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST).

CVE is a publicly available and free to use list or dictionary of standardized
identifiers for common computer vulnerabilities and exposures. The master copy
of the CVE List is maintained for the community by MITRE. You may download the
CVE List, copy it, redistribute it, reference it, and analyze it, provided you
do not modify CVE itself as per the Terms of Use listed at
http://cve.mitre.org/about/termsofuse.html. For more details, visit
http://cve.mitre.org/.

CPE is a structured naming scheme for information technology systems, software,
and packages. This directory contains a copy of the official CPE Product
Dictionary. The dictionary provides an agreed upon list of official CPE names.
The dictionary is provided in XML format and is available to the general
public. The CPE Dictionary hosted and maintained at NIST may be used by
nongovernmental organizations on a voluntary basis and is not subject to
copyright in the United States. Attribution would, however, be appreciated by
NIST.  For more details, visit http://nvd.nist.gov/cpe.cfm.

OVAL is an information security community effort to standardize how to assess
and report upon the machine state of computer systems. It is international in
scope and free for public use. The OVAL Language and any resulting OVAL content
based upon the language that is stored in the OVAL Repository are free to use
by any organization or individual for any research, development, and/or
commercial purposes, per the Terms of Use listed at
http://oval.mitre.org/about/termsofuse.html. For more details, visit
http://oval.mitre.org/.
